---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "e2e_node Data Source - terraform-provider-e2e"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# e2e_node (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image` (String) The name of the image you have selected format :- ( os-version )
- `label` (String) The name of the group
- `name` (String) The name of the resource, also acts as it's unique ID
- `plan` (String) name of the Plan

### Optional

- `backup` (Boolean) Tells you the state of your backups
- `default_public_ip` (Boolean) Tells us the state of default public ip
- `disable_password` (Boolean) can disable password as per requirement
- `enable_bitninja` (Boolean) enable bitnija as per requirement
- `is_ipv6_availed` (Boolean)
- `is_saved_image` (Boolean) used when Creating node from a saved image
- `lock_node` (Boolean) Node is locked when set true .Can specify wheather to lock the node or not
- `ngc_container_id` (Number) Should be specified when launching GPU Cloud Wizard.
- `power_status` (String) power_on to start the node and power_off to power off the node
- `reboot_node` (Boolean) When set true node will be rebooted. Node should be in running state to perform rebooting.Alaways check the field. If you have an active disk-intensive process such as database, backups running, then a rebooting may lead to data corruption and data loss (best option is to reboot the machine from within Operating System).
- `region` (String) Location where node is to be launched
- `reinstall_node` (Boolean) for reinstalling the node. Node should be in running state to perform this action. Always check this field as it will delete all your data permenantly when set true.
- `reserve_ip` (String) Reserve ip as per  requirement
- `save_image` (Boolean) For saving image of the node. The node should be in power_off state to perform this action
- `save_image_name` (String) Specify the name of the image to be saved. this field is required when save_image field is true. The name should be unique in the image list. Checkout images datasource to list them images
- `saved_image_template_id` (Number) template id  is required when you save the node from saved images.Give the template id of the saved image. Required when is_saved_image field is true
- `security_group_id` (Number) Specify the security group. Checkout security_groups datasource listing security groups
- `ssh_keys` (List of String) Specify the ssh keys if required. Checkout ssh_keys datasource for listing ssh keys
- `vpc_id` (String) Vpc id as per requirement

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Creation time of the node
- `disk` (String) Disc info of the node
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_active` (Boolean)
- `is_bitninja_license_active` (Boolean) Can check if the bitninja license is active or not
- `is_monitored` (Boolean)
- `memory` (String) memory of the node
- `price` (String) price details of the node
- `private_ip_address` (String) Private ip address alloted to node if any
- `public_ip_address` (String) Public ip address alloted to node
- `status` (String) Status of the node


