---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "e2e_node Resource - terraform-provider-e2e"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# e2e_node (Resource)
Provides an e2e node resource.
This resource allows you to manage nodes on your e2e clusters. When applied, a new node is created. When destroyed, this node is removed.


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Example Usage
```hcl
 resource "e2e_node" "node1" {
	name              = "node_name"
    location          = "Delhi"
    plan              = "C2.12GB"
    image             = "CentOS-7"
    project_id        = <project_id:string>
 }
```
## Schema

### Argument Reference

- `image` : (Required)(String) The name of the image you have selected format 
- `name` : (Required)(String) The name of the resource, also acts as it's unique ID
- `plan` : (Required)(String) name of the Plan
- `location` : (Optional) (String) Location where node is to be launched.
- `project_id` (Required) (String) The ID of the project associated with the node
- `region` : (Optional) (String) region
- `label` : (Optional)(String) The name of the group . Default value is "default"
- `backup` : (Optional)(Boolean) Tells you the state of your backups
- `default_public_ip` : (Optional) (Boolean) Tells us the state of default public ip
- `default_public_ip` : (Optional) (Boolean) Tells us the state of default public ip
- `disable_password` :(Optional) (Boolean) can disable password as per requirement
- `enable_bitninja` : (Optional) (Boolean) enable bitnija as per requirement
- `is_ipv6_availed` : (Optional)(Boolean)
- `is_saved_image` : (Optional) (Boolean)  Creating node from a saved image when set true.
- `reserve_ip` : (Optional) (String) Reserve ip as per  requirement
- `saved_image_template_id` :  (Optional) (Number) template id  is required when you save the node from saved images.Give the template id of the saved image. Required when is_saved_image field is true
- `ssh_keys` : (Optional) (List of String) Specify the label of ssh keys as required. Checkout ssh_keys datasource for listing ssh keys
- `vpc_id` : (Optional) (String) Vpc id as per requirement. Checkout vpcs_datasource for listing vpcs.

### Actions

- `lock_node` (Optional) (Boolean) Node is locked when set true .Can specify wheather to lock the node or not
- `power_status` (Optional) (String) power_on to start the node and power_off to power off the node
- `reboot_node` (Optional) (Boolean) When set true node will be rebooted. Node should be in running state to perform rebooting.Alaways check the field. If you have an active disk-intensive process such as database, backups running, then a rebooting may lead to data corruption and data loss (best option is to reboot the machine from within Operating System).
- `reinstall_node` (Optional) (Boolean) for reinstalling the node. Node should be in running state to perform this action. Always check this field as it will delete all your data permenantly when set true.

### Attribute Reference  (read only)

- `created_at` (String) Creation time of the node
- `disk` (String) Disc info of the node
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_active` (Boolean)
- `is_bitninja_license_active` (Boolean) Can check if the bitninja license is active or not.
- `is_monitored` (Boolean) node monitored or not.
- `memory` (String) Amount of RAM assigned to the node.
- `price` (String) price details of the node.
- `private_ip_address` (String) Private ip address alloted to node if any.
- `public_ip_address` (String) Public ip address alloted to node.
- `status` (String) Status of the node.


